Add Jest 24 blog post (#7670)
facebook/jest: website/blog/2019-01-21-jest-24-new-website-babel-7-and-typescript-support.md

## TypeScript support

We've upgraded internally to Babel 7 for Jest 24, which comes with support for TypeScript projects. That means Jest can support transpiling TypeScript out of the box, as long as you configure Babel to use it with `@babel/preset-typescript`. One caveat to the default TypeScript support, similar to Flow, is that Babel will only strip out the type annotations to make your code valid JavaScript. It will _not_ typecheck your code.

While Jest has supported Babel 7 since version 22 released in December 2017, it required usage of a bridge module in order to fit in with Jest's support of Babel 6. In Jest 24 we have migrated entirely over to Babel 7, with great help from community member [@milesj](https://github.com/milesj). This means that setup is now easier and we can take advantage of other Babel 7 features, such as config loading and automatic `modules` transpilation. Make sure to remove the `babel-core@^7.0.0-bridge.0` as it's not needed now.

> If you want to run typechecks while you test, you should use [`ts-jest`](https://github.com/kulshekhar/ts-jest). You will need to configure the transformer, as Jest by default applies Babel to `.ts` (and `.tsx`) files. Alternatively, you can run `tsc` or even use a Jest runner to simultaneously transpile your TypeScript whilst running your tests! See [`jest-runner-tsc`](https://github.com/azz/jest-runner-tsc) for more information.

Reviewer: Do we want to push `jest-runner-tsc` and in general custom runners / multi project setups a bit more? I'm personally a big fan. If yes, maybe place the `jest-runner-tsc` option more prominently, perhaps even immediately after `It will not typescript your code` above?

Author: We do, but it's currently not really good enough. Custom runners work great for e.g eslint as it works file by file, but for e.g. tsc, which works on all files at the same time, it's not as good

At some point we definitely wanna push it though! 🙂

## `test.todo`

Jest 23 had a change that made tests missing an implementation throw instead of being skipped. This change was made due to feedback that accidentally skipped tests were hard to discover and hard to track down. However, this change broke the workflow for quite a few developers who used the feature to sketch out which tests to write.

> In Jest 24, we are addressing this issue by adding an explicit `test.todo` (inspired by the excellent Ava), which will be printed separately in the test summary. It allows you to quickly sketch out which tests you want to write. And, while it doesn't currently exist, an eslint rule could easily warn you that you have forgotten to write out some tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Jest 24, we are addressing this issue by adding an explicit `test.todo` (inspired by the excellent Ava), which will be printed separately in the test summary. It allows you to quickly sketch out which tests you want to write and in the future, an [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) rule might even be able to warn you that you have forgotten to write out some tests.
```

```js
test.todo('invalid input should throw');

test.todo('missing options should be normalized');
```

![test.todo](/img/blog/24-todo.png)

## Improved Assertion Messages

> When tests fail, you need to make confident and correct decisions which changes are expected progress and which changes are unexpected regressions. It is especially important not to miss a few regressions hidden among much progress. Jest 24 makes reports when assertions fail more clear and concise for several matchers. Because the effort will continue in Jest 25, you might notice some temporary inconsistencies. If your tests never fail, then you won't get to see them - for the rest of us, it'll be easier to debug why something isn't working as expected. Thanks for the hard work by [@ittordepam](https://twitter.com/ittordepam)[](https://twitter.com/ittordepam) and other contributors from the community.

Reviewer 2: Delete duplicate link

```suggestion
When tests fail, you need to make confident and correct decisions which changes are expected progress and which changes are unexpected regressions. It is especially important not to miss a few regressions hidden among much progress. Jest 24 makes reports when assertions fail more clear and concise for several matchers. Because the effort will continue in Jest 25, you might notice some temporary inconsistencies. If your tests never fail, then you won't get to see them - for the rest of us, it'll be easier to debug why something isn't working as expected. Thanks for the hard work by [@ittordepam](https://twitter.com/ittordepam) and other contributors from the community.
```

> When tests fail, you need to make confident and correct decisions which changes are expected progress and which changes are unexpected regressions. It is especially important not to miss a few regressions hidden among much progress. Jest 24 makes reports when assertions fail more clear and concise for several matchers. Because the effort will continue in Jest 25, you might notice some temporary inconsistencies. If your tests never fail, then you won't get to see them - for the rest of us, it'll be easier to debug why something isn't working as expected. Thanks for the hard work by [@ittordepam](https://twitter.com/ittordepam)[](https://twitter.com/ittordepam) and other contributors from the community.

Reviewer: "If your tests never fail, then you won't get to see them - for the rest of us, it'll be easier"
This has a funny touch to it, I like it :+1: :smile: 

Is the duplicate link intentional?

Author: the link has been fixed

- We have some improvements for `globalSetup` and `globalTeardown` as well - code transformation will be applied to them similar to `setupFiles` and they are now supported as part of `projects`.
- You can [configure](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/6143) Jest's snapshot location, this is mainly useful if you are building tools which use Jest in a larger build process.
- A quirk of Jest's CLI has been that while some flags and options have been camel cased (such as `runInBand`), others have not been (such as `no-cache`). In Jest 24, both are recognized, meaning you can write your CLI arguments however you want.
- We've renamed `setupTestFrameworkScriptFile` to `setupFilesAfterEnv`, and made it into an array. We hope this will make it more obvious what the options is for. We have plans to further overhaul the configuration in the next major, see the paragraph in the section below.

> - To reduce magic Jest performs to “just work™”, in this release we decided to drop automatic injection of `regenerator-runtime` for async code to work. It's not always necessary (e.g. in Node 8+) and we believe it's user's responsibility to handle it, which is already done if you use `@babel/preset-env` and `@babel/runtime`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To reduce the amount of magic Jest performs to “just work™”, in this release we decided to drop automatic injection of `regenerator-runtime` for async code to work. It's not always necessary (e.g. in Node 8+) and we believe it's the user's responsibility to handle it, which is already done if you use `@babel/preset-env` and `@babel/runtime`.
```

- Lastly, we've upgraded to Micromatch 3. While this might not affect every user, it is stricter in its parsing of globs than version 2, which is used in Jest 23. Please read through [this](https://github.com/micromatch/micromatch/issues/133#issuecomment-404211484) and linked issues for examples of invalid globs in case you have problems.

## The future

> We are incredibly humbled by the results in [State Of JS 2018](https://2018.stateofjs.com/awards/) where Jest won the “Highest Satisfaction” award. Another huge thing to happen in 2018 was in October, when Jest passed 2 million weekly downloads for the first time, actually passing the business stalwart that is Mocha for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are incredibly humbled by the results in [State Of JS 2018](https://2018.stateofjs.com/awards/), where Jest won the “Highest Satisfaction” award. Another huge thing to happen in 2018 was in October, when Jest passed 2 million weekly downloads for the first time, actually passing the business stalwart that is Mocha for the first time.
```

> We are very thankful for the trust shown in us by the community, and hope to build on it in the future. Hopefully this, and future, releases will continue to build upon this incredible foundation, and continue to be an integral part of JavaScript developer's toolkits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are very thankful for the trust in us shown by the community, and hope to build on it in the future. Hopefully Jest 24 and future releases will continue to build upon this incredible foundation, and continue to be an integral part of JavaScript developer's toolkits.
```

> ---

Author: not to self, remeber to rename this post to have the correct date before landing

> title: Jest 24: New Website, Babel 7 and TypeScript support

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Jest 24: New Website, TODOs, Improved Assertions and default TypeScript support
```

Maybe?

Author: I agree that's better. I'll swap it around to "Jest 24: New Website, default TypeScript support, Improved Assertions and TODOs" as I think those are the more... visible changes I suppose is a word for it. thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I think some readers might misunderstand the meaning of Babel 7

Author: CHanged in https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7670/commits/906b814eb80bf71a2bbffde0d8272c03bee113e6 but I think it could still be better

> title: Jest 24: New Website, simpler TypeScript setup, Improved Assertions and TODOs

Reviewer: Also not immediately obvious to me what `TODOs` refers to, but `test.todo` looks weird too. Other suggestions?

> title: Jest 24: New Website, simpler TypeScript setup, Improved Assertions and TODOs

Author: We've changed it

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1404810/51495362-56460f80-1dbc-11e9-9f86-97afac258eea.png)

> title: Jest 24: New Website, out of the box TypeScript support, Improved Assertions and TODOs

Reviewer 4: I'm still not sure about "out of the box TypeScript support" because we do require users to use Babel or `ts-jest`. So it's out of the box only if you use `@babel/preset-typescript`. Maybe:
```suggestion
title: Jest 24: New Website, simpler TypeScript setup, Improved Assertions and TODOs
```

author: Simen Bekkhus
authorURL: https://github.com/SimenB
authorFBID: 100003004880942
---

> Today we are happy to announce the next major release of Jest - version 24! It's been 4 months since the last release (and 8 since Jest 23), so this is a meaty one. Highlights include upgrading to Babel 7 across the board (bringing with it built-in support for testing TypeScript) fixing some long standing issues with missing console output and performance issues when computing large diffs, as well as a brand new sparkling website. ✨

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Today we are happy to announce the next major release of Jest - version 24! It's been 4 months since the last minor release (and 8 months since Jest 23), so this is a meaty one. Highlights include built-in support for TypeScript by upgrading the Jest internals to Babel 7, fixing some long standing issues with missing console output, performance issues when computing large diffs, and a brand new sparkling website. ✨
```

- Call out minor release
- Add unit to "8"
- Lead with typescript support, mentioning the babel upgrade as a parenthetical
- Fix list and add oxford comma 🤓

Author: https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7670/commits/20acd58214b8a07a887794432b6d940bbd30b7bb

ok?

> Today we are happy to announce the next major release of Jest - version 24! It's been 4 months since the last release (and 8 since Jest 23), so this is a meaty one. Highlights include upgrading to Babel 7 across the board (bringing with it built-in support for testing TypeScript) fixing some long standing issues with missing console output and performance issues when computing large diffs, as well as a brand new sparkling website. ✨

Reviewer 2: Minor punctuation change and rewording for the sake of our friends who eat vegetarian :)

```suggestion
Today we are happy to announce the next major release of Jest - version 24! It's been 4 months since the last release, and 8 since Jest 23, so this upgrade has something for everyone. Highlights include upgrading Jest to Babel 7 across the board (bringing with it built-in support for testing TypeScript) fixing some long standing issues with missing console output and performance issues when computing large diffs, as well as a brand new sparkling website. ✨
```

Author: https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7670/commits/86fa69a29a7bba3fb046df2d93b28c3d1329f3b3

yes?

For a full list of all changes see the [changelog](https://github.com/facebook/jest/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

<!--truncate-->

## New Website

[@orta](https://twitter.com/orta) has provided a beautiful redesign of Jest's website, which has been implemented by community members [@montogeek](https://twitter.com/montogeek) and [@brainkim](https://github.com/brainkim).

> The aim of the re-design was to highlight more of what makes Jest awesome, and to de-couple the idea that Jest is primarily a tool for testing React apps - you can use Jest with all sorts of projects and we want to make that obvious. You can read more about the ideas behind the re-design in [this issue](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/7265).

Author: is it "redesign" or "re-design"?

Reviewer 5: Just redesign, there's no confusion with another word

> ## Babel 7

Author: ```suggestion
## TypeScript support
```

Author: then basically swap position of the 2 paragraphs?

Author: did this

> ## Babel 7

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## TypeScript and removing the Babel bridge
```

Reviewer 5: Not in love with my suggestion either, but we should try to not give the impression Babel 7 is a new feature

Author: I've changed it to just `TypeScript support`

> We've upgraded internally to Babel 7 for Jest 24, which comes with support for TypeScript projects. That means Jest can support transpiling TypeScript out of the box, as long as you configure Babel to use it with `@babel/preset-typescript`. One caveat to the default TypeScript support, similar to Flow, is that Babel will only strip out the type annotations to make your code valid JavaScript. It will _not_ typecheck your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've upgraded to Babel 7 internally for Jest 24, which comes with support for TypeScript projects. That means Jest can support transpiling TypeScript out of the box, as long as you configure Babel to use it with `@babel/preset-typescript`. One caveat to the default TypeScript support, similar to Flow, is that Babel will only strip out the type annotations to make your code valid JavaScript. It will _not_ typecheck your code.
```

```js
test.todo('invalid input should throw');

test.todo('missing options should be normalized');
```

![test.todo](/img/blog/24-todo.png)

## Improved Assertion Messages

When tests fail, you need to make confident and correct decisions which changes are expected progress and which changes are unexpected regressions. It is especially important not to miss a few regressions hidden among much progress. Jest 24 makes reports when assertions fail more clear and concise for several matchers. Because the effort will continue in Jest 25, you might notice some temporary inconsistencies. If your tests never fail, then you won't get to see them - for the rest of us, it'll be easier to debug why something isn't working as expected. Thanks for the hard work by [@ittordepam](https://twitter.com/ittordepam)[](https://twitter.com/ittordepam) and other contributors from the community.

> You can see these changes across all these PRs: [7557](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7557), [7621](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7621), [7557](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7557), [7457](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7457), [7448](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7448), [7241](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7241), [7152](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7152), [7125](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7125), [7107](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7107), [6961](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/6961).

Reviewer 2: Removed duplicated link and chore PR. Added link to contribution from community.

```suggestion
You can see these changes across all these PRs: [7621](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7621), [7557](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7557), [7448](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7448), [7325](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7325), [7241](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7241), [7152](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7152), [7125](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7125), [7107](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7107), [6961](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/6961).
```

## Fixing old pain

We've had a couple of really old issues fixed by this release.

The first one we'd like to highlight is `console.log` statements going missing. Jest intercepts and collects all logs in order to give you a stack trace to them, as well as provide them to reporters so you can handle them however you want. However, this has led to an issue where they have simply been missing in certain edge cases. Luckily for Jest 24, [@spion](https://twitter.com/spion) has [stepped](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/6871) up and fixed this issue. Thank you very much!

The second one is an issue where Jest runs out of memory if the difference in serialization of expected and received value has a huge number of insertion changes (either unexpected because of mistake in test or defect in serializer or expected because of temporary failures during test-driven development). [@ittordepam](https://twitter.com/ittordepam) has [replaced](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/6961) the previous diffing algorithm with `diff-sequences` package, which should fix this issue because it uses the theoretical minimum amount of memory. It also opens up for word-diffing in the future.

> ## Other highlights

Reviewer 5: There are a few breaking changes buried in here we should move to a `## Major Breaking` section or otherwise call out louder

We are very thankful for the trust shown in us by the community, and hope to build on it in the future. Hopefully this, and future, releases will continue to build upon this incredible foundation, and continue to be an integral part of JavaScript developer's toolkits.

This has been the first release where we have explored the idea of using our Open Collective funding to create bug bounties. This worked well in getting non-core person involved in the implementation of the new landing page, and we're optimistic for a long running bug where Jest globals [are mismatched](https://github.com/facebook/jest/issues/2549) from Node globals. We'd like to do more, if you have a pet bug that's a good candidate for our bounty program, please let us know. In the meantime, you can find all the tickets with a bounty via [the issue label](https://github.com/facebook/jest/labels/Has%20Bounty).

> Jest 24 still supports Node 6, which means that we are unable to upgrade to the latest versions of JSDOM. However, if you want to use a newer version, like v12 or v13, you can always do so by installing them yourself. For example you can add [jest-environment-jsdom-thirteen](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jest-environment-jsdom-thirteen) as your `testEnvironment` to use JSDOM 13 today.

Reviewer 5: This paragraph seems out of place

Author: removed it (and opened #7673)

You can see these changes across all these PRs: [7557](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7557), [7621](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7621), [7557](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7557), [7457](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7457), [7448](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7448), [7241](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7241), [7152](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7152), [7125](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7125),[7107](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/7107), [6961](https://github.com/facebook/jest/pull/6961).

Examples:

Failing assertion

![failing assertion](/img/blog/24-assertion-error.png)

Type mismatch

![different types](/img/blog/24-different-types.png)

Mock function not called

> ![mock functions](/img/blog/24-mock-functions.png)

Reviewer 5: typo - this file is named 24-mock-functions.png
